Come back and this video we are going to install cute and you can find cute and cute that I O.
And then you just visit the download page.
So click the link on the top right corner and once you're there you can choose between two different
versions.
The commercial one where you have a free trial where you can use a free trial or the open source one
which is completely free in general and you have some advantages in the commercial version over the
open source version but the open source version is going to be enough for what we want to do.
Now what you need to do is to always check the GPL v3 license and it has to be in your code as well
so when you use cutesie or cute you need to make your software open source as well at least to a certain
degree.
And if you want to know more about it ask your lawyer or check out the legal documents.
I'm not a lawyer so I'm not going to tell you in detail what you can or cannot do.
I'm just going to show you how to use this tool.
All right so then once you have decided which version you want to use you can just go open source or
try free as it can see you can start with one in five fifty nine dollars a month using qued.
So it has to be for very award it has to bring you a lot of value in order to pay this amount based
on of course what you use it for.
So if you're running a business then this might be a valid prize but if you just want to learn how to
use it then this is too expensive.
So we're just going to go for the open source version here.
So I'm just going to select that and then I can select the download.
So as you can see just download it here you can of course see if you're installing under a cute open
source license.
Please be sure you are fully comply or full compliance with the legal obligation of the GPL 2 3 before
installation.
So check that out.
And once you download it you will have to accept it.
So once I'm here I'm just going to download the X-File and I'm going to start the process right away
and once I'm here I can again read through all the different texts and the one that we want to do.
Or to button that we want to press next.
Now you can log in.
But as I don't have an account I'm just going to skip that and go X again.
You can change the settings but we will have to change settings later on as well so just press next
and wait until the middle order is received and it will take a little while as well.
In general this application installation takes quite a bit and you can run to run into errors.
It can crash if that happens.
And try the installation process once again.
And if that doesn't happen either then just check out the support of cute or just check out stack overflow
because it's not unlikely to happen.
Then you can select an installation folder and I'm just going to go for the full one which is cute and
then I just press on next.
So here we can select the components that we want to install and I'm going to install the queued version.
That is a top so the highest version.
But here I don't need to install everything.
We only need to install one particular file from here.
As you can see there is Android's pre-built components for Android A-R him the X 86 version and so forth.
So there is plenty to install if you want to but it's going to be huge so it's going to take up thirty
three point four four gigabyte.
In my case just install that.
So I'm not going to do that but I'm going to install the Mingy w 30 bit version that I have selected
right here.
All right.
So just select and Mendon GW and just select the latest version so that's totally fine you don't need
to install any preview version just use a cutesie with the latest version here and there.
Selectman GW there is one more thing that we need to install under tools so scroll down and there you
will find tools and hear what we want to install is exactly what is selected or pre-selected here.
To create or 4.7.
Zero see DB debugger support and does pretty much it.
So once you have that you can press next.
Here you have to read through the two licenses and accept them.
So very important you have to understand what you have read so read through it and once you're fine
with it.
Only if you agree of course you have to select the agree button or checkbox and then you can press next.
Now you can give it a name and I'm just going to call it cute and I was ready to install so I'm just
going to press install and that will now take quite a bit.
And based on how many options you have installed or you are installing it it's going to take a little
more even.
So I'm just going to cut the video and where I'm done install or I'm done downloading and installing
this process.
All righty.
Once we hear them we can either launch the cute creator or we cannot.
But what we need to launch is Anaconda.
So open up an icon navigator because we will need to install cute there so let me open up Anaconda wants
on a condo opens up.
You go to your environment.
And here we need to update our channels.
So go to channels and make sure that you add the kind up for each condom minus forge and then press
up the channels you go to channels and then you check whether you have Konda minus for each as a channel.
And if you don't and press the red button at the top right of this pop up that you put comes up and
enter the text.
Press enter and then update the channels and that will update your channels here and it can take quite
a while.
And once that is done you should go to all and search for cutesie and you will find Pyi why T and q
TDY and those two should be installed or you should install them if they aren't.
So in case they aren't just check the box here.
And Press mark for insulation and once you have done that that can again take a little while and yeah
soon as you enter qued here or P-E why cutey and you find this cute TV installed and cute Hawaiian style.
You're good to go.
All right.
By that point you're ready for cute and your installation is ready so we can go ahead and use cute.
And we'll do that in the following video so see you there.